we're here in front of the ministry of
Defense in t Aviv not far away from what
is known as hostage Square this is the
place where at after October 7 the
relatives of those who are being held
captive in Gaza started to come to
demand their release right in front of
the ministry of Defense initially they
were very silent their voices now are
starting to go louder they're getting
more impatient with the situation on the
ground thousands of people have gathered
here to demand the release of the
captives being held in Gaza many are
concerned that the government is more
focused on the war that on getting their
loved ones released the government has
said that they're changing operations in
Gaza removing some triops from the
northern part of the Gaza Strip and
focusing on fighting in the South but
people here want to see the captives
released and this is happening as
protesting across Israel have increased
in recent weeks we're seeing not far
away from where we are uh we were just a
few minutes ago there were thousands and
thousands of people here calling for new
elections they say that the government
and bamin nanyu have blood on their
hands that only new elections is
something that will unite this country
once again after what happened it's not
just happening on the streets it's also
within the war cabinet for example we're
seeing that ministers are also saying
that new elections are needed many are
starting to question whether defeating
Hamas is even realistic so most suddenly
there's something changing in Israel in
the past 3 months you know several
months ago prior to the October 7th
attack there were massive demonstrations
on the streets with people uh trying to
prevent the government from reforming
the Judiciary they stopped for a while
trying to remain United now they're on
the streets again and certainly what is
ongoing this demonstrations on the
streets show that something has started
to change there is Al t AV
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer